## Use the SAM CLI to build locally

Build the Lambda functions in your application with the `sam build --use-container` command.

```bash
step-funtions$ sam build --use-container
```

## Package

```bash
$ sam package --s3-bucket yimeng-test-bucket1 --output-template-file package.yaml
```

## Deploy

```bash
$ sam deploy --template-file package.yaml --stack-name SamStepFunctions --capabilities CAPABILITY_IAM
```

The SAM CLI installs dependencies defined in `functions/*/requirements.txt`, creates a deployment package, and saves it in the `.aws-sam/build` folder.

## Add a resource to your application
The application template uses AWS Serverless Application Model (AWS SAM) to define application resources. AWS SAM is an extension of AWS CloudFormation with a simpler syntax for configuring common serverless application resources such as functions, triggers, and APIs. For resources not included in [the SAM specification](https://github.com/awslabs/serverless-application-model/blob/master/versions/2016-10-31.md), you can use standard [AWS CloudFormation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-template-resource-type-ref.html) resource types.

## Fetch, tail, and filter Lambda function logs

To simplify troubleshooting, SAM CLI has a command called `sam logs`. `sam logs` lets you fetch logs generated by your deployed Lambda function from the command line. In addition to printing the logs on the terminal, this command has several nifty features to help you quickly find the bug.

`NOTE`: This command works for all AWS Lambda functions; not just the ones you deploy using SAM.

```bash
step-funtions$ sam logs -n StockCheckerFunction --stack-name step-funtions --tail
```

You can find more information and examples about filtering Lambda function logs in the [SAM CLI Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-logging.html).

## Unit tests

Tests for the Lambda functions are defined in the `tests` folder in this project. Use PIP to install [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/) and run unit tests.

```bash
step-funtions$ pip install pytest pytest-mock --user
step-funtions$ python -m pytest tests/ -v
```

## Cleanup

To delete the sample application that you created, use the AWS CLI. Assuming you used your project name for the stack name, you can run the following:

```bash
aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name step-funtions
```

## Resources

See the [AWS SAM developer guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/what-is-sam.html) for an introduction to SAM specification, the SAM CLI, and serverless application concepts.

Next, you can use AWS Serverless Application Repository to deploy ready to use Apps that go beyond hello world samples and learn how authors developed their applications: [AWS Serverless Application Repository main page](https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/serverlessrepo/)
